---------------
 Documentation
---------------
Name: MovieTrailerWebsite
Copyright:
    - Ludwig Reinmiedl
    - udacity (provided basic files)
Author: Ludwig Reinmiedl
Contact: ludwigreinmiedl (at) gmail.com
Version: 05.01.2016

The "MovieTrailerWebsite" generates a Website viewable in any Webbrowser. It
lists Luds favourite Movies and Series.
Each entry will display a picture linking to the trailer on YouTube and display
some additional information to the movie.

The generator is written in Python using version 2.7.10.

In order to generate the above mentioned website run "entertainment_center.py".
If you are running macOS this can be done as follows:
- open the Terminal
- type in $ python 
- drag and drop the entertainment_center.py file into the terminal window, which
    will give you something like:
    $ python Volumes/SSD/Users/.../MovieTrailerWebsite/entertainment_center.py
- hit enter
- the website will automatically be opened in your standard webbrowser


The following files are included:
1) media.py
    defines all necessary classes, which are
        a) Video
        b) Movie
        c) Series
2) entertainment_center.py
    contains a list of all movies and series
    executes the files fresh_tomatoes.py and fresh_tomatoes_seriers.py
3) fresh_tomatoes.py
    - receives the list of all movies from file 2) and generates a html site
    - opens the generated website in default webbroswer 
4) fresh_tomatoes_seriers.py
    -receives the list of all series from file 2) and generates the html site
     for all the series


Know Issues/Errors:
The fresh_tomatoes_series.html will only display the very first series. For all
following series, the style of the div container is set to display: none which
according to my research seems to be a problem with using modal and bootstrap
javascript. At this stage of the course I couldn't fix this problem and left it
as it is. Still the basic requirements are fullfilled, the main page works
perfectly fine. Probably one would need to write a special modal class, which
seems a bit too much at the current point. However I decided to not just delete
it to show that I put some effort in enhancing the basic model. If there is a
simple correction, I appretiate every help, thank you :-)